I was just delivering a letter!
I didn't think it would turn out like this!
What should we do, Megumin?!
You don't need to worry.
I'm sure Father Zesta is enjoying being
interrogated by that lady knight as we speak.
It'd be rude to ruin his fun.
More importantly, you two wanna
help me with collecting votes?
I'm willing to pay for the labor.
What votes?
Oh, what a sin it is!
Father Zesta was colluding with
the Devil King's army all along!
I beg you all, for our next pontiff,
we must ensure someone more faithful,
such as myself!
Commit now and you'll get a free vial of
holy water that normally costs 10,000 eris!
Should I be named head of the Axis order,
I make the following promises:
One, the legalization of polyandry.
Two, the marriage age
will be further lowered!
Three, even siblings will be eligible,
as long as they love each other!
Vote for the greater good! Vote for me!
No, no, vote for me!
No, you should vote for me!
No, me!
No, they should vote for—
Well, they certainly didn't wait long.
KONOSUBA - An Explosion on This Wonderful World!
Episode 8: Fanatics of the Water City
Where do these Axis faithful
get all their energy from?
I think I wanna go back to
the Crimson Demon village.
Here I am!
Here's your ice-cold jelly slime!
Wh-What kind of creepy beverage is this?
It's an Arcanretia delicacy!
The smooth mouthfeel will
get you hooked. Just try it!
These are on me.
And if you convert to the Axis sect...
Well, you probably know the rest by now.
Now that we've done a bit of
sabotage on the nominees,
let's go and talk to the inns
that filed the complaints.
I'm so relieved, miss! You really
do want to investigate after all!
Please, call me "Big Sister."
Well, if Zesta really is innocent,
it would mean being weighed down by a
guilty conscience from here on out...
For Yunyun.
No way! That's awful!
Oh, Yunyun, you are so adorable!
You must've felt responsible,
but unsure what to do about it!
Miss?
If thou art troubled, then instead
focus on enjoying yourself.
Let the path of least
resistance show you the way.
Flow along it, like water.
Do not restrain yourself; let your
instincts guide your actions.
And... call me Big Sister.
Jelly slime!
What the heck is going on?
And this is supposed to be sabotage
by the Devil King's forces?
But why would they pour slime
mix into the hot springs?
This has gotten too stupid
already. Can I leave?
Hang on!
I get what you mean, but if this is really
what's wrong with the hot springs...
I suppose you have a point.
This is where spring water from the mountains
is collected and flows to the various inns!
And because the Axis order runs it, we get
to do whatever we want around town!
Your order is really pretty awful, isn't it?
And there are reports that the strangeness
began after Father Zesta visited this place...
Yes, it seems so.
I think he might be guilty after all.
Be that as it may,
ambiguity leaves a bad aftertaste,
so let's make sure we have evidence.
You probably shouldn't assume he's guilty.
You ladies Axis sect?
You people are late.
We've already recovered the evidence.
Is it in that bag?
A ton of jelly slime mix.
Father Zesta was spotted
carrying this bag around.
I don't think there's any
way out of this for him.
Even so...
Why would he do something so ridiculous?
If his aim was to ruin the hot springs,
couldn't he have poisoned them instead?
Poison...
The thing is, when someone tells you the
Axis cult pulled something like this,
it suddenly makes a lot of sense.
I mean... he's definitely strange,
but he didn't seem actually evil.
It's probably clean if I drink it
directly from the faucet, right?
Right?! Anyone have a cup? And can
any of you use the spell Freeze?
This is the problem with the Axis cult...
Do you think Father Zesta really is
involved with the Devil King's army?
He sure doesn't seem that way.
I suppose even she's
feeling down about this.
They said I couldn't drink any
because it was evidence...
even though there was so much!
Well, what's done is done.
I'm sure he'll be back better than
ever after paying his debt to society.
I'm pretty sure the penalty for
conspiracy to commit treason is death.
Well, if apologies were good enough,
wouldn't all of you be out of a job!?
You accused me, the head of
the Axis Religious Order...
Me, of all people!
Of colluding with demoniacal
forces?! Are you mad?!
I'm so sorry. So please,
could you leave it at that...
For goodness' sake.
Father Zesta?
Oh, if it isn't Cecily.
You must've been waiting for my release!
You were released?!
Are you really that shocked?
It should be obvious I would never
commit such a foolish crime.
Go on, tell them!
For mistakenly arresting the honorable
Father Zesta of the Axis Order...
I'd like to offer a sincere apology!
We apologize, Father Zesta!
That reminds me!
That smug-looking prosecutor in glasses, who
showed up with that lie-detecting magic device...
Please make sure to give her my thanks.
She was the one who cleared
these suspicions up.
And the sight of her cool, confident face
slowly welling up with tears was quite a treat!
If I had my druthers, you'd be crawling at
my feet, giving my toes a good licking...
But I suppose, in my magnanimity,
I'll let you off this time.
Th-Th-Thank you for your
generosity in this ma—
If only your brain...
was half as big as those breasts of yours!
But this doesn't actually solve
the problem at hand, does it?
The truth remains that someone has been
pouring that powder into the springs.
Indeed it does.
Well, you certainly inspire
a lot of devotion.
We meet again.
You certainly managed to give
me the slip last time.
What is this?!
Miss Megumin, who is this
scandalously-clad vixen?!
Appearing in the middle of a town like
this... You seem awfully confident.
Are you that desperate to
take Chomusuke from me?
Miss Megumin!
What is your relationship with this woman
who is flaunting her bosom so brazenly?!
Those irritating townsfolk aren't
here to save you this time.
I'd normally just crush you both
and be done with it,
but since Lady Wolbach seems
attached, I'll simply—
Miss Megumin, please, I need to know!
Why is she dressed like such a jezebel?!
And the fact that she's wearing a robe,
as if it hides anything, is indecent!
It's indecent, I say!
And yet, for how indecent it is, there is
also a razor-sharp aesthetic edge to it.
Yes, a bit like the transgressive thrill from
the combination of a swimsuit and a raincoat—
Would you knock it off?!
Who the hell are you?! Buzz off!
I wouldn't provoke her, Zesta.
She's our enemy.
She followed us all the way here
in pursuit of this furball.
Oh, so she's after Chomusuke...
That's a rather whimsical motivation
for such an edgy-looking individual.
Could you two leave it at that?
I think you're just angering her further.
All right, worms, if you want
to spare yourselves some pain—
And what should I do if I want
you to hurt me instead?!
F-Father Zesta!
Then I'll do just that!
Fireball!
Oh... She's a demon girl.
Reflect.
Well, I thought you were
just some old freak,
but that was impressive.
Wh-Wh-Wh-What was that?!
The old pervert who got arrested did that?!
A demon girl... So, a demon?
From orcs to ogres, I've always
thought myself open-minded...
But demon girls?
The commandments of the Axis
order forbid appreciating them!
Frustrating though it may be...
And what, exactly, can a human
priest do against me?
He can destroy you.
You have quite the sense of humor.
I am a servant of the great
dark god, Wolbach, and I—
Sacred Highness Exorcism!
I beg your pardon, miss demon girl.
I am the head of the Holy Order of Axis,
the arch priest, Zesta.
Likewise, I am a beautiful priest
of the Axis Order, Cecily.
Sister Cecily, it seems this demon girl
is the perpetrator behind this mess.
I believe so, Father Zesta.
She's the reason you had
to go through that ordeal.
What are you talking about?
What is any of this?
I-I've been looking for
Lady Wolbach ever since I got here!
She's fleeing! After her!
In the name of the Axis Church, make her
rue the day she was born a demon girl!
Right away, sir!
Demons...
...must die!
I'll let you—
It's a demon hunt!
What was that?
Please, don't ask me.
String her up!
KONOSUBA - An Explosion on This Wonderful World!
So... does that take care of everything?
Hard to say. I'd honestly rather not think
about the Axis Sect at all anymore.
What are you going to do now, Yunyun?
I'm headed for the town of Axel.
I heard there's someone there
who can use explosion magic.
I...
I-I'm headed to Axel, too. I thought I could
start training against weak monsters.
Well, isn't that a coincidence?
Go on ahead without me, then.
I'll be along once I've earned
enough money for the trip.
Huh?
B-But since I'm in no hurry...
I-I know! Maybe I'll do a bit of sightseeing
around town, and then head to Axel...
Ah, Miss Megumin, you're still here.
That demon was a slippery one, I must say.
I was enjoying her tears so much,
I kept only grazing her with my
magic, which let her escape.
You seem happy about that.
Don't be silly. I'm beside
myself with frustration.
Now, then, Miss Megumin, if you would...
What is it?
The cost of a coach trip to Axel.
The recruitment methods you taught me...
I'm certain they'll come
in handy, yes indeed.
Why, they might even become
an attraction for the town.
Consider that coach fare to
be my way of thanking you.
So, what will you do for today?
Late as it is, I believe there's
still one last departure for Axel...
I can just go to Axel?
I want to go.
I want to get there as soon as possible,
and tell her about what's happened!
Then I want to gather companions,
and unleash the explosion magic I've
been aching to use for so long!
I'll head there right away!
Oh, Yunyun, you're going to do
some sightseeing first, right?
I'll just be heading to Axel first, then.
Aw, come on!
M-Maybe I've changed my mind?
If you go now and start training
before me, you'll have an advantage!
Miss Megumin, since it's late,
why not stay the night?
There are many from our order who'd
like to give you their regards.
Now that you mention it,
that's a good point. What should I do?
You could even stay another
week, if you like.
That might be nice!
Isn't the water nice, Megumin?
Bathing with a loli...
Is there a reason that predatory gaze of
yours has been making me feel threatened?
What am I supposed to do?
It's a tiny little bath.
Y'know?
Just know, I fight back when people
try anything strange with me!
Aw...
Actually, there was something
I wanted to tell you in private.
Huh?!
You mean Zesta did it after all?!
That's right. Seems he mixed up the baking
soda and slime mix when cleaning up.
That was it?
Which means it had nothing to
do with demons, after all.
But don't tell anyone else about this, okay?
I want exclusive dibs on this
piece of blackmail bait.
Well, it doesn't really matter now, anyway.
Uh... You're awfully close.
It's a small bath! What can you do?
Y'know, tight as it is, these baths
apparently cost quite a bit to dig.
They apparently hired a skilled mage who
created the holes with rupture magic.
See how nicely they're
shaped in little rings?
Rupture magic?
Apparently. They wanted to
make bigger baths, I heard.
Miss...
What is it?
And I'd be really happy if you
finally said "Big Sister Cecily"
in an adoring voice, instead of just "miss."
Miss!
Let's see... You want a bigger
open-air bath, right?
That would be nice.
Why do you ask? And why are
your eyes sparkling like that?
I can use explosion magic.
Is it okay if I create the largest
bath in this entire city?
Yeah, of course.
In the Axis Order, we believe anything
goes, as long as it's not illegal!
Follow your heart, and fire
away with your magic!
All right, miss.
Call me Big Sister!
Here we go, miss!
I've been holding back ever
since I got to Arcanretia.
Explosion!
I must say, I never would've guessed
you could use explosion magic!
I can't thank you enough, Miss Megumin.
A bath that big can fit everyone
in the order at once!
No mixed bathing, Father Zesta.
Well, be that as it may, I hope you'll come
and visit us the next time you're in town.
I think I will.
Once I've found companions, if the
subject of a vacation ever comes up,
I believe we'll come straight here.
May the divine Aqua offer her
protection on your journey.
Blessing.
U-Um, Father Zesta? Could you
cast that spell on me, too?
His troubles did begin with the
letter you brought, Yunyun...
No fair! That wasn't my fault!
I didn't do enough to earn
something like this...
It's okay. I'm sure you'll need it.
Just take it! Kids don't
need to be so considerate.
Make good use of those
once you get to Axel—
The coach for Axel is leaving!
I'm heading out!
Wait for me!
This coach is now rolling out for Axel!
The town for beginning adventurers, Axel.
I'll make that my base of
operations as I gather allies.
Ideally, I'd like a party that's a match
for me, full of advanced classes.
A reliable, courageous leader.
A sturdy front-line fighter.
A benevolent healer...
And me, the one who analyzes
situations with her brilliant mind
before delivering certain victory...
with a single spell!
Next Episode Preview
Episode 9: "Destroyer from the Crimson Demon Village"
Big trouble, Megumin!
We managed to board the coach to Axel,
but it's been attacked by monsters!
I'll obliterate them with
my explosion magic!
Hang on! You'll kill us all!
Let me do it!  Please, let me do it!
N-Next time, we'll dig up your
shameful secrets with an...
Explosion!